But I love how crispy they fry up all the salmon here!
Ryuu!
And I really like their rolled omelets.
Nothing beats the unlimited rice!
I heard that Karasuno won.
Congrats!
Th-Thanks.
Um... So...
Let's both do our best tomorrow!
Well, see you later!
Yeah.
You've definitely got a chance.
Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu
Haikyuu !
!
Haikyuu
We're not gonna quit now, we're not stopping here, we're not giving up
We're in the direst of straits We understand all that
But we're not quitting now, we're not stopping, we're not giving up
If we give up now It'll all be over
If we don't step up to the challenge, we'll never get a taste
Of the most exhilarating time of our lives
There's always been something we've lacked, something missing
Haven't you also hungered for it?
So we'll be coming at them fair and square
We're gonna play out this reality, all the sweet and all the sour
We wanna come straight at you with the greatest of finesse
We're torn toward that delight because that seems like the most fun
So there's no way we're giving up now
Not until we've tasted it all and are left grinning
So we're smiling for now
Jaybird Inn Episode Sixteen: Broken Heart
Episode Sixteen: Broken Heart Man, no fair.
Tanaka's finally got himself a cute girlfriend.
Wh-Why would you say that?!
Is having a chance the issue here?!
You're not supposed to go for a girl you don't have a chance with?!
Uh, what?
A girl you don't have a chance with? You mean Shimizu?
I-I mean, am I just supposed to go for them because there's a chance?!
Yeah, I get it!
I really do!
Having a bunch of pretty ladies say, "Let's play beach volleyball together! Whoops! I dove right into you!"
Yes, please!
Of course, I want a beautiful girl my age to cheer me on too!
But that's different!
Something tells me this is different!
Yeah, we know that's how you are.
We knew it from the day you joined.
Wow. I guess he's on the volleyball team too.
I'll be sure not to make eye contact.
Ma...
Ma?
Marry me, please!
No.
Oh, right. The first encounter-proposal incident.
That's just how Tanaka is.
Yeah...
I'm getting anxious just thinking about tomorrow.
I'm gonna go for a walk.
Is he gonna be okay? He's so devoted that he might turn into a stalker.
Yeah, I don't think he'll go that far.
He's pretty receptive to people's feelings, so if Shimizu told him to stop, he'd probably stop.
Then he'd go off on a journey.
I always think he's an idiot, but in reality, he's actually sort of amazing.
Being so simple and so devoted like that...
is probably pretty hard.
All right!
That's a service ace!
Karasuno Inarizaki Karasuno Inarizaki
Karasuno
Relief server Yamaguchi Tadashi is living up to his title!
Inarizaki Karasuno Inarizaki Karasuno
Whoa, they put one over on us!
Quiet down, Atsumu!
Huh?
I'm so sorry!
See? Now look what you've done!
What?
Do it again!
Nice receive!
Ow!
Couldn't he see he wouldn't get it before he hit the wall?
And it's not like he could return the ball, right?
I'm pretty sure the only thing on his mind was that the ball hadn't touched the ground yet.
How do I put it?
He doesn't have the luxury of just giving up.
Damn you.
Damn it!
That was powerful!
The ball's heading back to Inarizaki's side!
We need this chance.
Don't let it slip away!
Finish it off!
Got it!
And that's a wipe!
Thanks, Kageyama!
Yep.
You're totally like an ace, Asahi!
Thanks!
I mean, he is the ace.
Everyone's totally on their game right now.
Is he allowed to cross over the net like that?
Well, the ball and the player didn't actually enter Inarizaki's side of the court, so yep.
Where the hell did you go?!
You missed Tadashi in action!
Were you taking a shit?!
I was saving my student!
Also, those stairs suck!
Man, I hit it toward their number one!
And after I was told to shoot for their number five with the crew cut.
Don't worry about it.
Karasuno reaches set point first!
Inarizaki Karasuno
If they miss this chance, the next server is Miya Atsumu.
I'm pretty sure that Karasuno wants to seal the deal with this next point.
We still have a chance.
It's on...
our side!
And he's shut down!
He's stopped in his tracks by the middle blocker, Suna Rintarou!
Nice block, Rintarou!
Inarizaki Karasuno
Sorry about that.
It was a bit short.
Nah, I totally thought I could go for it.
If that were me, I'd be so annoyed that I'd either be spiking the ball into the net or out of bounds by now!
He actually realizes he does that?!
Please.
Don't let him get a streak going.
Aim your serves at their number five.
He hasn't made any great plays today.
If we're gonna drag them down,
start with him.
It's gonna come at me.
Everyone aiming for me is nothing new.
Come at me!
Yeah!
What?!
Am I just, like,
extra lame today?
Nice receive!
All of you, bring in the blockers, little by little!
To be honest, I'm not great at this, but...
And Sawamura scores from the back row!
Yeah!
Nice, nice, Daichi! Push it, push it, Daichi! Do it again!
Fly Fly
Karasuno managed to limit Miya Atsumu to one serve!
Not bad.
Nice spike, Daichi!
Thanks!
Inarizaki Karasuno Karasuno is at set point yet again!
Nice!
They're using that fast attack they're not used to yet when their opponents are at set point?
That's great. Keep it up!
We can score here!
He's fast!
The time it takes them to get their blocks in place is decreasing.
Damn it!
This ain't enough to break Ryuu!
Yes, ma'am!
A C quick.
We're gonna stop it!
I put too much into that one.
Dammit.
What have I even done today?
Left!
Tanaka!
What did I even do?
Three blockers!
You're overreacting... or maybe not.
Inarizaki's blocking is persistent, and Karasuno is extremely eager to score.
If the added stress of being targeted causes even a single mistake...
It makes you feel like everything is going wrong.
Haikyuu!!
I'm Tanaka Ryuunosuke from Oujitsu Junior High!
Nice to meet ya!
So blond.
Yeah, I definitely feel like he's got a strong will and won't be bowing down to anyone.
Karasuno hasn't been performing that well lately, but in my heart, it's a powerhouse.
Kurokawa from Hisa Junior High,
Azumane from Seikoudai...
I've heard this school's got some awesome spikers I've seen in tournaments before.
And that Nishinoya's in my class too.
But man...
Reality is so dull.
Other people need to use the gym today, so we're gonna be outside.
Right!
Wait, again?!
Why don't we complain?
Hey, this is way better than last year.
And there's plenty we can do outside.
What a bunch of pushovers.
Karasuno                      Ougi West
Thank you very much!
Thanks!
There weren't as tough as I thought they'd be.
You couldn't even call that practice.
Talk about a disappointment.
I'll go shut their mouths.
How, exactly?
Oh, it's easy.
I'm just gonna go thwack 'em ever so slightly when no one's looking.
Let it go.
It's great that they're playing us at all.
Not to mention, today was the first day with our new team, so we were a mess.
You're just gonna let them say that about us?!
Aren't you being a pushover?
We just have to win instead.
I'm not saying it'll be easy, but it's that simple.
Better get used to it.
You'll be hearing it a lot.
There are a lot of guys whispering about us at official matches.
There sure are.
"The fallen champs," "the clipped crows."
The look in their eyes doesn't match their laughter.
Up until now, I treated all my upperclassmen like adults, even if they were just a year older than me.
But these guys are a bit different.
This is, uh...
These guys are good.
Let's go to the spring tournament!
Wait, what the heck did you do?!
I, uh, thought I'd reevaluate my determination and stuff.
Hey, let me touch.
Man, that was lucky!
It sure was.
You owe me some damn pudding.
And not the kind that's sold in three-packs.
Sorry!
Inarizaki Karasuno And they're tied yet again!
Can Karasuno High School make it through this?!
Did they do something super bad?
That mistake didn't exactly come out of nowhere.
It's more like proof that the pressure from Inarizaki's blocking is piling up,
which is causing him to mess up.
It's all right!
That was a good shot!
Right!
Damn it!
Hey, kid with the crew cut! Do better!
Now's the time to show your stuff!
It'll be all right.
It's Tanaka.
He's pretty tough when it comes to matches,
and out of us second-years,
the only one who stayed on the team no matter what happened...
was Tanaka.
Bring it on!
C'mon.
You should be getting quiet or having a hard time looking at your teammates by now.
Got it!
Their setter touched the ball first.
That only leaves Tanaka on the left in the front row.
He's gonna have a really hard time if he can't make this.
How do you know the ball's going to go up to him?
That'd just be the standard play, and also, uh...
The wing spiker in the front row is like the last bastion when it comes to offense.
I failed to call for the set!
I freaked out for a second. Dammit!
What's lame isn't losing the match.
It's being too scared to try!
Left!
Azumane!
A waterfall ball.
Karasuno is still managing to inch away from Inarizaki's reach!
Inarizaki Karasuno
Aw, they didn't give the ball to the guy with the crew cut.
Yeah.
Bokuto! Get a hold of yourself!
Ryuu just keeps getting blocked left and right.
And I can't say the guy with glasses was wrong to try to get out of the rut they're stuck in.
But...
Man, that must've sucked for Ryuu.
Tanaka!
Earlier,
when their number ten ran up right in the middle, you totally went in for the block with a "wham"!
It was super awesome!
Especially because you end up by yourself a lot as a middle blocker.
So when someone comes to your aid, it's super reassuring!
Wow, that idiot said something decent for once.
Y-You think so?
Yeah!
It was just like one of Date Tech's blocks! Seriously!
You can try to stop me,
but you're just one man.
Awesome block, Shouyou, Ryuu!
Both that airheaded smooth talker and the guy who'll take compliments are scary.
Nice receive, Daichi!
The rest of you better put your lives on the line and get that ball over!
I'm pretty sure I'm a normal human being.
Especially when it comes to my build and abilities.
When I was a kid, I was convinced that I was a prodigy.
I might've thought that until I was in junior high.
Actually, I'm still sorta convinced that I am.
But I'm probably never going to be 180 cm tall.
I'm confident in my athletic skills,
but right now, I'm not the best at anything on our team.
But that's not enough of a reason to quit, nor is it an excuse.
Actually, I don't usually think about this stuff.
But about once every six months,
when my mental state just takes a nosedive, I end up thinking,
"I'm nothing but average."
However,
to my average self, I ask,
"Do you really have time to look down like that?"
Left!
Damn, that blocker's fast.
It's okay.
As long as I don't give up on trying,
I'll eventually be able to do it!
Hell yeah!
Nice spike.
He did it!
Seriously, what the hell is with him?
He's so awesome!
Inarizaki Karasuno
The old contenders swoop in to take the first set from the ultimate challengers, Inarizaki!
Where will the match go from here?!
Wow. For a moment there, I really didn't know what was going to happen.
Tanaka usually makes it through okay.
True!
Damn, I am really good or what?!
You sure are!
Tsukishima!
You totally ignored me earlier, didn't you?
Huh?
Well, I figured that Azumane had a better chance of scoring the point.
Did you really have to be that blunt about it?!
Well, you and your insane mental fortitude are scary.
Don't you ever get depressed?
Uh, I was depressed!
When?
Just a bit ago! For like a few seconds!
Well, just think about it.
Which is cooler, a super-depressed me or super hype squad me?
Uh, neither, to be honest.
Obviously it's the hype squad version of me!
When you've hit rock bottom, there's nowhere to go but up!
You make it sound way easier than it is.
Damn, Ryuu's not bad!
Wait, did he just get lucky there?
I never liked being called big.
But...
Kanoka, you're awesome!
You can block so high!
But Ryuu always seemed so envious.
And because of that, I was able to genuinely think, "Wow, maybe I am special."
That it was okay to be proud.
Left!
Ryuu's always been straightforward and honest.
I think...
I really did just have my heart broken.
The only thing I'm sure of is that the day will come when I finally get it
It doesn't matter if I make some mistakes along the way as long as I hold onto these feelings
In my dreams I wanted to throw off the yoke of gravity and reality
But the day in day out of bringing it all together had me grounded
The boy who acted all tough like he wasn't scared of anything
Still hasn't been torn away from the sweat of fierce competition
But he's not just hoping for miracles anymore
We can go anywhere we want to because one day our dream will come true
It was no mere coincidence that we made it this far
Every time we're forced from the stage I always wanna get right back on it
And I can hold onto that strong desire because you were there
Episode Seventeen: Cats. vs Monkeys
Next time: "Cats vs. Monkeys."